Robots are becoming more and more like humans.
They can build cars, clean your house,
and even do parkour.
But in this video, I'm cooking against
three levels of robots to find out who's
the better chef.
Robots or humans.
For level one, Mark Rober will be the judge.
We're gonna see if Nick can beat some of
the most basic kitchen robots that money
can buy.
In level one, we'll have five speed rounds.
Chopping, stirring, toasting, pizza
making, and cleaning.
And to win, it's a classic best three out
of five.
Are you team robot or team Nick?
I mean, of course, I am team robot.
For this first mini round, we'll be
testing chopping skills.
And in the robot corner, we've got the RoboCoo.
It's basically an extremely powerful food
processor with a couple of googly eyes to boot.
I like putting googly eyes on my robots.
Are you ready, Nick?
Let's do this.
Start.
Now?
That said start.
Yeah, I'm taking my time.
I'm not worried.
Oh.
How many do you want me to put in, Nick?
I mean, you're team robot.
That's true.
That feels like a good start.
Oh, no.
That was so fast.